Protoeditor
-----------

Project site: http://protoeditor.sourceforge.net

1.0 About:

  Protoeditor is a small KDE text editor developed for debugging
  scripts interactively. The goal is to provide a simple editor supporting a
  variety of debuggers for different languages. Currently (v1.0), it
  only supports PHP and the following debuggers:

   - DBG debugger (free version 2.11) at http://dd.cron.ru/dbg/
   - Xdebug (tested with CVS version 2.0.0beta3-dev).
   - Gubed 0.2.2

  Protoeditor uses katepart as the text editor, so all the functionalities of
  a _good_ editor are present (highlights, folding marks, etc, etc, etc) wich 
  makes the debug experience more pratical.

  Besides the editor, it supports common debugger features like:
  steps, watches, backtrace, breakpoints, etc. Other features depend on what 
  the debuggers supports.


1.1 Requirements:

  * KDE 3.2 + should be fine (if not, let me know :)
  * You might need PHP and, at least, one debugger installed if you
    want to debug scripts locally.

2.0 Configuration and use

  See Protoeditor manual for a description of the settings and
  features Protoeditor provides (execute Protoeditor and
  press F1 or Menu "Help" -> "Protoeditor's Handbook").

  For a walk through on installing and configuring the debuggers and 
  Protoeditor, see the "Tutorial" section on Protoeditor's homepage.

2.1 Debugger Configuration

  For Xdebug and DBG, check you phpinfo() if they were successfuly installed.

  For details about DBG installation, check the DBG site: 
    http://dd.cron.ru

  For details about Xdebug installation, check the Xdebug site:
    http://www.xdebug.org

  For details about Gubed installation, check the Gubed site:
    http://gubed.sourceforge.net

  
2.1.1 Protoeditor configuration

  Check your debugger options on Protoeditor settings. Most of them are self
  explanatory, but I'll give some hints ;)

  The "PHP command" specifies the path for the PHP binary. Togueter with 
  the "External console" settings in "External Application", it is used to 
  execute/debug scripts locally using a console application, if desired.

  The "Default debugger" chosen is the one to be used on local debugging 
  sessions.

  Every debugger has a JIT option. If enabled, Protoeditor will listen on the 
  given port while the application is running. Otherwise, it will only listen 
  to the port when a debug session is active.

  In "External Applications" you can select a browser to use while debugging
  remote scripts and a console to execute/debug the scripts locally, using
  the PHP binary.

2.1.2 Sites

    From version 0.6, Protoeditor supports different settings for remote/local  
    directory mapping. On other IDE's this is simply the configuration for
    a given project. Since Protoeditor is not project centric, it uses "Site"
    configuration to figure how to access the HTTP server, how to map
    the paths of the scripts and which debugger it uses. 
    Each site has the following entries:

      -Site name        : a simple name to identify this site.
      -URL              : the URL of the http server.
      -Remote base dir  : the remote directory of the site.
      -Local base dir   : the local directory of the site.
      -Default file     : the default script to be debugged when this site is
                          selected.
      -Debugger         : the debugger for this site.

    Many Sites can be registered, and additional directory mappings added. 
    The Sites are selected through the combo box on the main window toolbar 
    or in the main menu. Also there is a default "-- Local --", wich is used 
    for local debug since it doesn't need a directory mapping, URL, etc.

    When starting the debugger for a remote session, it will make an HTTP
    request directly or use one of the browsers chosen from "External
    Applications" settings. The request uses the Site's host:port and the
    given directories to map file paths from remote to local and vice-versa.
    If the Site has a "default file", it will be opened automatically (or
    activated, if already  opened), otherwise, Protoeditor will ask you to open 
    a file.

    Example of a local Site:

    Site name       : home
    URL             : http://192.168.0.1:8080
    Remote base dir : /var/www/htdocs
    Local base dir  : /usr/apache/htdocs/phpsite
    Default file    : /usr/apache/htdocs/phpsite/index.php
    Debugger        : DBG


------------------------------------------
Thiago Silva <thiago.silva@kdemail.com>
