  Q: Why another editor? Why not work directly on Quanta+, for instance?

  A: Ok, a little of history:
     I started working on this in 2004 because, at the time, I needed for my job
     (working with php applications on GNU/Linux). We didn't want to spend 
     money on commercial products (as a matter of fact, we didn't like the 
     available ones). Since the free version of DBG satisfied me, I planned to 
     implement a client into the KDE Quanta+ (http://www.kdewebdev.org) wich, 
     at the time, Gubed (http://gubed.sourceforge.net) was beginning to be 
     incorporated. On the mailing list, there was a discussion about 
     incorporating many debuggers for many script languages into it.

     Due to lack of time, and because I didn't have knowledge of Gubed 
     implementation, I develop this small editor (the one you are reading about)
     so I could better understand about debug session flows and how could DBG 
     and Gubed work togueter sharing common code (wich would be a starting 
     point to easily implement other debuggers without all the suffering) and 
     I could have the freedom to try new things and blow things out like a 
     doctor in his own laboratory :)

     It was fun to do it, but I had too much work with DBG, and took me a lot 
     to complete it's implementation by myself. So, many "todo" things are 
     still hanging.

     Now, since I had a small app here fullfiling some of my needs, I decided 
     to release it.


  Q: Nothing happens when I start the debugger. What is wrong?

  A: Here are a few steps that can help find out what is going on:
 
     - Check the installation of the debugger you are using.
     - If remote debugging, check you Site configurations and directories
       settings.
     
     - If remote debugging, you can see the URL being requested using an
       external browser to acess the server (check Protoeditor settings).
       This might help to find errors in the Site configuration.

     - If local debugging, you can look in the messages Protoeditor prints in 
       the terminal for the command line it's using to execute the script.

  Q: I'm having lots of problems to make this work. What should I do?
  
  A: Go to the forum (http://sourceforge.net/forum/forum.php?forum_id=439825) 
     and search for related problems. If there isn't any solution there, you're 
     welcome to write a new thread :)

     
  Q: What should I do if I find a bug?
  
  A: post a message on the protoeditor's sourceforge forum or send me an email.
